hey guys what's going on my name is
potato and today we're going to be
talking about the vengeance dlc now if
you don't know this is the unofficially
confirmed by the YouTube call of duty
community black ops 2 third map pack
that was a mouthful there but this was
last night about 12 hours ago and the
reason for me uploading up 12 hours
later is because I didn't want to upload
along with the thousands of other
youtubers at the time should they
probably still assassins uploading this
that have just found out but I didn't
want to upload a generic video with the
picture of the poster saying hey guys we
didn't know there was going to be for
multiplayer maps and one zombies map but
i'm really excited in these maps look
cool i'll leave a like subscribe know
what i wanted to do was take a step back
let everybody kind of upload their
videos say in that and i wanted to do
some research and come up with a few
theories and i've actually done that now
i'm actually leaning towards the side
that this map pack is real opposed to
fake you know we've seen thousands of
other fake since the uprising came out
but if we actually backtrack i was
watching a YouTube video back up like a
month and a half ago where some guy he
went on to the elite website you know
those 1337 hacks son he was using those
not really but he went to the coding and
he found two dates one of them was july
second the other one was August 27th and
those two dates kind of correspond with
the third and fourth dlc no look back at
black ops and stuff that's around the
time that those the third port dlc came
out so I'm hinting that this one is real
opposed to the others this poster
doesn't look like it was made in
Microsoft Paint um you know aside from
the zombies gun which I will make a deal
with you guys right now 50 likes in this
video in two hours i have a video on
scheduled uploading lots of cool
research i did about the mark to ray gun
and i think you guys will really enjoy
so 50 likes in two hours and i will
upload that video if not we'll just wait
a day or so anyways got off topic there
but today is june eighteenth and that is
a tuesday want to be the shit if later
on today treyarch released a dlc trailer
for the video or for the map pack i mean
i think that'd be kind of funny but
today is Tuesday June eighteenth and in
about three weeks if that date was true
if july second is the actual date that
the map pack is released you know right
now is just about time that word starts
getting out about the map pack pictures
start getting released and information
in the trailer and whatnot so it's just
about that time frame it may be next
tuesday the tuesday after that who knows
but I'm hinting that maybe later on
today or next tues so that's kind of my
reasons behind that now today
we're only going to be talking about
these zombies map and my two theories
that I have come up with for this and
the map is called buried so if you take
a look at it it does look like or if you
look at the zombie he's wearing a cowboy
hat so it looks like an old settler from
the eighteen hundreds of something like
that and it's got the blue eyes so I'm
guessing we're going to be back with the
the new characters and stuff and I want
to say that in the fourth DLC that's
when the old characters are going to
return it we're gonna hear some word
about them but take a look at the zombie
it's wearing the cowboy hat and take a
look at the walls you know it's got the
it looks like you're in a mine pretty
much and the map is called buried and
generally when you hear the word Barry
do you think of something buried
underground so underground is the key
word there and look at this it looks
like you're underground and some sort of
tunnel and if it's settlers my theory my
first theory is that this is going to
take place in the Old West area and the
California Gold Rush you know time frame
that's what i'm thinking the gold rush
time frame and you're you're in a
mineshaft pretty much and i think it'd
be pretty cool if you could hop on a
little mine cart and you know right
railroad tracks or ride the railroad
tracks all the way down the mind and
stuff think about that how cool would
that be another theory is that it takes
place in paris and the reason for this
is i don't buy this one that much
because you know Paris I don't think it
would take place underground with a
bunch of settler cowboy looking zombies
so i'm gonna guess it's in the the
California Gold Rush timeframe like i
said but however if it does take place
in paris i heard some people say that in
the background you can see the Eiffel
Tower I looked at the image for like a
good five minutes and I didn't see that
but if it does take place in Paris my
only really theory that I have for that
is it takes place in the catacombs of
Paris and that is the tunnels that run
under Paris you know just pretty much
mass tombs and stuff and I really don't
think it'd be that so that's pretty much
my two theories let me know what you
think of this down in the comments and
if you guys want to leave a like and
subscribe remember the deal we made it
really helps out just shows you guys
enjoy my content take it easy have a
safe one talk to you later peace